hello from
Gaza I'm Muhammad
Sharif I love North Gaza Strip in
Palestine I stay with my children Hadi
andas and Muhammad sent us this video in
early November from his home in jabala
Camp where the Israeli Army has carried
out some of its deadliest bombings he
told us he had been distracting his
children with coloring and drawing
activities to help them
cope but the picture outside was a harsh
reality that's who we wake up every
morning this is sound every
day
paltin he told us he decided to stay
back with nine of his family members
because the road to the South was too
dangerous and people were being killed
along the
way Muhammad lives dangerously close to
the Indonesian Hospital which according
to Human Rights Watch has been struck
multiple times by Israeli forces during
October the Israelis claim the structure
sits above a network of Hamas tunnels
and a Launchpad for their rocket
attacks the infrastructure around
Muhammad's home had soon turned to
rubble and as the days progressed he
told us he was afraid to go outside to
search for food and water and when he
did all he saw was
suffering see in the
sky meanwhile reports of the sharp
increase in the death toll terrified
him no food Israel maintains that it
warns residents to evacuate the areas it
targets but whenever the electricity and
internet were cut off Muhammad feared
being isolated from the outside world I
send big message for in the world we
need two Freedom we need two Freedom we
need to save to bless for me and for my
children and for my family and for all
the children in Gaza Strip we need
peace
but one night he eventually dared to
head outside and sent us this video on
the 11th of
November that was the last time we heard
from
Muhammad